So as you look at generations or different cultures or communities, each
one has a set of standards that they would see is appropriate. I
think the best thing that we can do is is learn about those and understand,
um, to know, maybe someone who's ah little bit older has been
a Navy for a long time, maybe more comfortable with doing, um, some
things that were done in the past where someone new maybe very sensitive
to sexual harassment, because they've grown up in a culture and
environment where, UM, it's not acceptable and it's not allowed.
And so that's something that we need to look at culturally, Um, some
cultures find it okay to be in somebody else's space when they're conversing,
and maybe they use their hands when they talk. Or they do
a lot of touching and to understand some intent, but ultimately know
that the person who is being affected is the one, and that's the limitations
that we need to honor